Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md

| [List accessPackageAssignmentRequests](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-list.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection | Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignmentrequest objects. |
| [Create accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-post.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) | Create a new accessPackageAssignmentRequest. |
| [Get accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-get.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) | Read properties and relationships of an accessPackageAssignmentRequest object. |

> |[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Retrieve the list of accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects filtered on the currently-logged-in user. This method supports parameter `on` to retrieve objects corresponding to current user being the `target`, or objects `createdBy` current user, or objects where current user is an allowed `approver`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Retrieve the list of accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects filtered on the signed-in user. This method supports parameter `on` to retrieve objects corresponding to current user being the `target`, or objects `createdBy` current user, or objects where current user is an allowed `approver`.|
```

Author: done

| Relationship | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |accessPackage|[accessPackage](../resources/accesspackage.md)|Read-only. Nullable.|

Reviewer: There is no description for this property.

| Relationship | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|accessPackage|[accessPackage](../resources/accesspackage.md)|Read-only. Nullable.|

> |accessPackageAssignment|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md)|The assignments to this access package. Read-only. Nullable.|

Reviewer 2: accessPackageAssignment is in the property table above this table?
